<h1>Privacy and Confidentiality Policy</h1>

I. General Provisions<br><br>
    1. H-X Technologies (“H-X”, controller) respects the USERS’ (Customers, Data Subjects) privacy and confidentiality. During service provision, particularly, Automated Services (Website Security Scanner and Monitor, ISO 27001 Compliance Assessment Online Wizard, etc.) and Manual Services (security audit, code review, penetration testing, etc.), personnel and servers of H-X can obtain, process and store sensitive data related to the USERS, as well as produce such data.<br><br>
    2. The purpose of collecting and processing USER’s personal and confidential data is to provide services, which include Automated and Manual Services according to the Terms of Use and other cybersecurity services including, but not limited to security assessments, penetration testing, risk assessments, and cybersecurity consulting. USERS’ personal data can also be used for marketing purposes, namely, offering services and products of H-X and their partners, and sharing our news.<br><br>
    3. During and after the provision of Automated Services, H-X securely stores the USER’s personal and confidential data, namely, the USER’s name, email, website URL, IP address, scan results and reports, and other confidential data, if any. When a USER orders the Vulnerability Monitoring Service, H-X securely transfers the USER’s name and email to the protected and certified processing center. H-X does not have access to any confidential payment card data.<br><br>
    4. During and after the provision of Manual Services, H-X securely stores all of the Customer’s data. Detailed Non-Disclosure or Confidentiality agreements can be signed by the parties to regulate mutual obligations. If the Customer does not object, H-X may use the Customer’s name for marketing purposes.<br><br>
We use cookies for analytics, performance, security, advertising, and social media.<br><br>
    5. We use cookies for analytics, performance, security, advertising, and social media.<br><br>
    6. We do not spam. USERS can unsubscribe from our newsletters.<br><br>
    7. We comply with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) and other relevant regulations.<br><br>
    8. We encourage USERS to find security vulnerabilities in our systems and report these vulnerabilities to us. See the Security Reporting Policy.<br><br>
II. Rights of the Data Subject<br><br>
a) Right of confirmation<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a Data Subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.<br><br>
b) Right of access<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller, without charge or undue delay, information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the Data Subject access to the following information:<br><br>
    • the purposes of the processing;<br><br>
    • the categories of personal data concerned;<br><br>
    • the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations;<br><br>
    • where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;<br><br>
    • the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the Data Subject, or to object to such processing;<br><br>
    • the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;<br><br>
    • where the personal data are not collected from the Data Subject, any available information as to their source;<br><br>
    • the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the Data Subject.<br><br>
Furthermore, the Data Subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or an international organization. Where this is the case, the Data Subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.<br><br>
If a Data Subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.<br><br>
c) Right to rectification<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the Data Subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.<br><br>
If a Data Subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.<br><br>
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:<br><br>
    • The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.<br><br>
    • The Data Subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.<br><br>
    • The Data Subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the Data Subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.<br><br>
    • The personal data have been unlawfully processed.<br><br>
    • The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.<br><br>
    • The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.<br><br>
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a Data Subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by H-X, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of H-X shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.<br><br>
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the Data Subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. Employees of H-X Technologies will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.<br><br>
e) Right of restriction of processing<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:<br><br>
    • The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the Data Subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.<br><br>
    • The processing is unlawful and the Data Subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead of the restriction of their use instead.<br><br>
    • The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the Data Subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.<br><br>
    • The Data Subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the Data Subject.<br><br>
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a Data Subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by H-X Technologies, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of H-X Technologies will arrange the restriction of the processing.<br><br>
f) Right to data portability<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.<br><br>
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the Data Subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights, and freedoms of others.<br><br>
In order to assert the right to data portability, the Data Subject may at any time contact any employee of H-X.<br><br>
g) Right to object<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.<br><br>
H-X shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the Data Subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.<br><br>
If H-X processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the Data Subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the Data Subject objects to H-X Technologies processing for direct marketing purposes, H-X will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.<br><br>
In addition, the Data Subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by H-X Technologies for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.<br><br>
In order to exercise the right to object, the Data Subject may contact any employee of H-X Technologies.<br><br>
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the Data Subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the Data Subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the Data Subject’s explicit consent.<br><br>
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the Data Subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the Data Subject’s explicit consent, H-X Technologies shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the Data Subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.<br><br>
If the Data Subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of H-X Technologies.<br><br>
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent<br><br>
Each Data Subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data at any time.<br><br>
If the Data Subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of H-X Technologies.<br><br>
<br><br>
(c) H-X Technologies<br>
https://www.h-x.technology/<br>
